what do you think about your hair I
think that being natural is the best
thing you could possibly do you can do
so much with natural hair you can
there's so many different styles you can
do it it's just a way to express
yourself you could say and it just sets
you free kinda yeah now have you always
been natural or did you have a perm
before and then after I think I've been
natural for almost all of my life I've
straightened my hair not hard but
straight my hair maybe once in my life
yeah and it didn't last a day mm-hmm I
mean I like it it just moved back up
yeah and I always see like on facebook
different you have really fun styles
like I only wear twist and twist out but
you have really fun things going on
where do those ideas come from or like
where does your style come from well my
mom has another hair salon and she does
my my Styles for me I do most the time
she'll just you know take my hair and
sit and ponder for what am I going to do
in is she doing it yeah she just doesn't
then when she's finished she looks back
into the wild it turns out great yeah
what is your favorite natural hair style
my favorite natural hair shuttle would
have to be the two strand twist and I
think two strand twists because for me I
can maybe wear that style for almost a
month and then some because when I do
when it gets twisted and it starts
getting frizzy and it starts getting to
wear out irie twist it I take it apart
and then every twisted back so then you
can go for a couple more weeks to last
long so even though mom's style as your
hair you also know how to do upkeep as
well what's one of your favorite
products to put in your hair
have to be curls you're like girl hello
girls it works for my hair it makes my
hair you know easy to comb out and
detangle and just to work with mm-hmm I
use their shampoo I like it yeah so
you're 13 with natural hair and does
your hair ever come up like in school
with your classmates like are there
other black students with natural hair
are you the only black student at your
school like what is hair like being in
junior high so far this year when I was
in school I was the only one with
natural hair the only black kid in the
school and her hair and it was actually
quite different for me because everyone
would tell me you should string your
hair you should do this to your hair why
did you like this and I'm thinking why
is your hair straight because I like my
hair natural and I mean I think it's
better it's a better choice and it's
just easier to deal with rather than
people think it's easier to deal with
straightened hair because you don't have
to comb through it and do all this stuff
and easy to maintain
well natural hair I see it seems as if
it's easier to do because it's not
damaging your hair with all the heat and
chemicals yeah what so what would you
say to them when they would ask like why
don't you straighten your hair I tell
them I think it's a better choice and
it's just not something I would want to
do and
go and say okay whoa one yeah do you
have a nightly routine like some people
twist their hair they wear a cap or they
whatever do you do anything special to
your hair at night if it's in a style
where it's already done I'll probably
spray it with a Miss that I have and
then put a silk cap on it so that it
doesn't mess up yeah when I wake up in
the morning but if it's just down and
nothing's done to it or enough ponytail
take the ponytail holder out before I go
to sleep because if you sleep with a
point so then it's it's ripping out your
hair and the edges of your hair aren't
as long as the rest of your hair yeah as
to taking it all out thank you for
sharing with us things about your hair
if you all have more questions you'd
like me to ask my sister about her
natural hair just leave it in the
comments below and then we'll shoot
another video or if I've gone home to
New York by then we'll have her still
answer the questions for you and another
way